README.md, before:

# Cloudflare DNS Auto IP Updater

This is a script I made that will automatically update my A record's IP address whenever my web server's IP changes.

I don't have (nor can I afford) a static ip, meaning that my IP address constantly changes. Whenever it <i>does</i> change (usually while I'm sleeping), it means that my site becomes completely inaccessible. So, I attempted to create a solution, which is this script. It can also send you an email and log all IP changes to a file to let you know it's been updated.

Be aware, this only works if your site is on the Cloudflare CDN. See the requirements below:

<h2>Requirements:</h2>

  - Python 3.6 or above
  - Python requests library (install using `pip3 install requests`)
  - A Cloudflare account with website
  - Cloudflare API Bearer Token
  - Need to know your zone ID
  - The ID of the A record you want to change
  
  
<h2>Optional:</h2>

  - SMTP email, to send an update when the IP changes
  
 
<h2>Installation:</h2>

On your web server, in any directory, clone this repository:

    git clone https://github.com/pigeonburger/cloudflare-ip/
        
Then, open the file `cfauth.ini` in that folder and replace `<YOUR_ZONE_ID>` with your actual Cloudflare Zone ID, `<YOUR_BEARER_TOKEN>` with your API bearer token and `<YOUR_DNS_RECORD_ID>` with the ID of the DNS record you want to change.

If you want email support, add your SMTP details, otherwise just delete everything at the bottom of the script.

Then, if you've done everything, run the `cfautoupdater.py` file!

Commit message:

A few small improvements
This commit makes the following changes:
- Add .gitignore and ignore the cfauth.ini file to prevent accidentally
  committing real credentials
- Move cfauth.ini to cfauth.ini.example and document the change in README
- Add shebang for python3
- Add path construction for the config file to be relative to the script dir
  so that the script can be run from anywhere

README.md, after:

# Cloudflare DNS Auto IP Updater

This is a script I made that will automatically update my A record's IP address whenever my web server's IP changes.

I don't have (nor can I afford) a static ip, meaning that my IP address constantly changes. Whenever it <i>does</i> change (usually while I'm sleeping), it means that my site becomes completely inaccessible. So, I attempted to create a solution, which is this script. It can also send you an email and log all IP changes to a file to let you know it's been updated.

Be aware, this only works if your site is on the Cloudflare CDN. See the requirements below:

<h2>Requirements:</h2>

  - Python 3.6 or above
  - Python requests library (install using `pip3 install requests`)
  - A Cloudflare account with website
  - Cloudflare API Bearer Token
  - Need to know your zone ID
  - The ID of the A record you want to change
  
  
<h2>Optional:</h2>

  - SMTP email, to send an update when the IP changes
  
 
<h2>Installation:</h2>

On your web server, in any directory, clone this repository:

    git clone https://github.com/benwiebe/cloudflare-ip/
        
Then, rename the file `cfauth.ini.example` to `cfauth.ini` in that folder and replace `<YOUR_ZONE_ID>` with your actual Cloudflare Zone ID, `<YOUR_BEARER_TOKEN>` with your API bearer token and `<YOUR_DNS_RECORD_ID>` with the ID of the DNS record you want to change.

If you need to find your record and/or zone ID, you can modify the target DNS record on the Cloudflare website then check the audit log (from the Dashboard) to find these values.

If you want email support, add your SMTP details, otherwise just delete everything at the bottom of the script.

Then, if you've done everything, run the `cfautoupdater.py` file!
